feat: merge VRP quickstarts (#223)
TimefoldAI/timefold-quickstarts: README.adoc

* link:use-cases/vehicle-routing-time-windows/README.adoc[Run quarkus-vehicle-routing-time-windows] (Java, Maven, Quarkus)

> === Vehicle Routing with capacity and time windows

Reviewer: I'd call this just "Vehicle routing".

Author: Done.

> Find the most efficient routes for vehicles, taking into account their capacity, to customers with time windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the most efficient routes for vehicles to reach customers, taking into account vehicle capacity and time windows when customers are available. Sometimes also called "CVRPTW".
```
